Document annotation service.kubernetes.io/topology-mode (#43390)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

There are no other valid values for this annotation. If you don't want topology aware hints
for a Service, don't add this annotation.

### service.kubernetes.io/topology-mode

Type: Annotation

> Example: `service.kubernetes.io/topology-mode: "single"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: `service.kubernetes.io/topology-mode: Auto`
```
I don't think `single` is a valid value here.

Used on: Service

> This annotation provides a way to define how services handle network topology, allowing cluster administrators to configure services according to their specific requirements.
> Ensure that your Kubernetes version supports the `service.kubernetes.io/topology-mode` annotation, as it might be available in specific versions or configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation provides a way to define how Services handle network topology;
for example, you can configure a Service so that Kubernetes prefers keeping traffic between
a client and server within a single topology zone.
In some cases this can help reduce costs or improve network performance.

See [Topology Aware Routing](/docs/concepts/services-networking/topology-aware-routing/)
for more details.
```

Author: Thanks for correcting me and guiding me sorry for that inconvenience
